add Languages/Credits.txt
add Languages/de-DE.json
add Languages/en-GB.json
add Languages/es-AR.json
add Languages/fr-FR.json
add Languages/it-IT.json
add Languages/ja-JP.json
add Languages/ko-KR.json
add Languages/nl-NL.json
add Languages/nn-NO.json
add Languages/pl-PL.json
add Languages/pt-BR.json
add Languages/pt-PT.json
add Languages/ru-RU.json
add Languages/uk-UA.json
add Languages/zh-CN.json
add Languages/zh-TW.json
add profiles/Default.ini
add DiscordFrontiers.dll
add DiscordFrontiers.ini
add DiscordFrontiers.json
add discord-rpc.dll
add raw/ui/ui_gamemodetitle_en.pac
add BossSelect.hmm
add mod.ini
